Case Study: Indian cargo shipment 
---------------------------------

A cargo ship or freighter is a merchant ship that carries cargo, goods, and materials from one port to another. 
Thousands of cargo carriers ply the world's seas and oceans each year, handling the bulk of international trade. 
Cargo ships are usually specially designed for the task, often being equipped with cranes and other mechanisms to load 
and unload, and come in all sizes. Today, they are almost always built of welded steel, and with some exceptions generally 
have a life expectancy of 25 to 30 years before being scrapped.

INDIAN CARGO SHIPPMENT delivers Products, Electronics & Consumer Products directly to customers and distributors. 
The company currently has a single office in Mumbai and has been delivering these Products all over India to the 
Client’s destination Location from the Starting location. Local distribution centres do the fulfilment of delivery.

INDIAN CARGO SHIPPMENT will transition this system to better serve their customers and will be looking for global 
availability of its application and data sales and ordering purposes, particularly during the months of August to December 
when demand for the business grows ahead of the holiday period. Reading data from across regions from a performance point of view is very critical.

The authority is willing to understand the following (not limited to, though):
1) The no of Customers (Product category wise) that generated maximum business (steel, Electronics and Consumer Products) 
in the 2nd quarter every year and across branches.
2) The quarterly transactions (in count and volume) from offices
3) The comparative volume in national vs international across branches
4) The no of customers, category-wise who did mazimum transactions ina month between August and December

Suggestions / Guidelines
1) Must have clear understanding of the requirement.
2) Must have sufficient data to yield visually effective output. Should consider
	a. adequate items, offices, across cities.
	b. Each branch to have 4 customers per category.
	c. Each customer must have 10 transactions every month, with a mix of options – steel, Electronic and Consumer products etc.

